[SPARK-35644][PYTHON][DOCS] Merge contents and remove obsolete pages in Development section (#32926)
apache/spark: python/docs/source/development/contributing.rst

    1. Capabilities that are fundamentally not parallelizable: e.g. imperatively looping over each element
    2. Capabilities that require materializing the entire working set in a single node's memory. This is why we do not implement `pandas.DataFrame.to_xarray <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.to_xarray.html>`_. Another example is the ``_repr_html_`` call caps the total number of records shown to a maximum of 1000, to prevent users from blowing up their driver node simply by typing the name of the DataFrame in a notebook.

    A few exceptions, however, exist. One common pattern with "big data science" is that while the initial dataset is large, the working set becomes smaller as the analysis goes deeper. For example, data scientists often perform aggregation on datasets and want to then convert the aggregated dataset to some local data structure. To help data scientists, we offer the following:

>     * :func:`DataFrame.to_pandas` that returns a pandas DataFrame, koalas only

Author: ```suggestion
    * :func:`DataFrame.to_pandas` that returns a pandas DataFrame (pandas-on-Spark only)
```

    mypy --config python/mypy.ini python/pyspark

Code and Docstring Guide
------------------------

Code Conventions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Please follow the style of the existing codebase as is, which is virtually PEP 8 with one exception: lines can be up
to 100 characters in length, not 79.

Note that:

* the method and variable names in PySpark are the similar case is ``threading`` library in Python itself where the APIs were inspired by Java. PySpark also follows `camelCase` for exposed APIs that match with Scala and Java. 

* In contrast, ``functions.py`` uses `snake_case` in order to make APIs SQL (and Python) friendly.

* In addition, pandas-on-Spark (``pyspark.pandas``) also uses `snake_case` because this package is free from API consistency with other languages.

PySpark leverages linters such as `pycodestyle <https://pycodestyle.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_ and `flake8 <https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_, which ``dev/lint-python`` runs. Therefore, make sure to run that script to double check.

> 

Author: Thx, I forgot that we added that script ...
